{
  "items": [
    "Slithersoup: A liquid that when consumed in large quantities, makes you feel like your bones are jelly and commonly causes people to writhe on the ground like snakes when taken in higher doses.",
    "Feydust: A soft white powder that, in the right light, shines with soft blues and red. The powder tastes like burnt ozone, which makes it evident that it needs to be snorted. Use causes bonuses to IQ-based tasks but also makes its user seek it out more and more for increasingly trivial tasks.",
    "Halfling Weed: Most often dried, chopped, and smoked. Causes extreme emotions to abate and induces near-euphoric mellow-ness, occasionally causing mild hallucinations. Side effects include increased appetite and red, puffy eyes.",
    "Blue Sand: A deep blue colored substance similar to fine beach sand. Consumed through the nose. After one to five doses (depending on Wis or Con modifier), addiction develops. Effects include enhanced perception, athletics, and acrobatics. After prolonged use, it leads to exhaustion, attribute penalties, and eventually death.",
    "Dream Flake: Thin slivers of a dried black fungus. When placed between cheek and gum, it induces hallucinations and euphoria. Smoked, the user enters a vivid waking dream lasting for hours. Extended use blackens the teeth and makes 'bad trips' more common. Addictive.",
    "Wyrmwood: Looks like a cinnamon stick but smells of fungus. Ground and brewed into tea, it provides a psychedelic trip for 1d4 hours. Addicts experience doubled effects on a failed DC 15 Con save.",
    "Grellsvice: A drug made from the spikes of grell tentacles. Administered as an oral capsule. Causes tingling muscles and heightened motor functionality for two hours, followed by a four-hour hangover of dulled motor skills and senses.",
    "Sundrop: A bright yellow/orange liquid that is naturally incandescent. Originally used as an antidepressant, it tricks the user into feeling happy but leads to dopamine and serotonin production issues with prolonged use. Overdosing burns the user alive from within.",
    "Patch: Grants the ability to speak with plants and animals for 1d4+1 hours. The comedown requires a DC 15 Con save or adds one level of exhaustion until the next long rest.",
    "Lakua: Ground silvery bark from swamp trees. Provides an adrenaline rush and slows time. Short-lived high, addicts suffer from heart failure or self-neglect. Psychologically addictive.",
    "Zooterran: Refined from Exem plums, this drug alters one's sense of direction, causing them to always turn right when faced with a choice.",
    "Blackroot: A lichen growing at high elevations. Chewed for mental sharpness, but causes nausea if swallowed. Prolonged use requires a Con save or users feel groggy without it.",
    "Deluge: Packaged in single-dose vials, this ethereal blue liquid grants temporary spell-like abilities but at the cost of 1d4 Constitution damage, as it drains the user's soul. Prolonged use leads to the user's gradual death.",
    "Barb: A thorny stalk from the Cheb barb weed. When used to scrape or pierce the skin, it induces pot-like effects. Overuse results in paralysis.",
    "Scurva: An iridescent liquid that makes colors more vibrant and lights shimmer. Causes intoxication and vivid visual effects.",
    "Fizz: A sweet, bubbly drink that makes you crave more. No real effects beyond addiction.",
    "Espiritu: Made from blessed flowers, this powder grants a single question answered by a divine being, peace, and euphoria when smoked or snorted.",
    "Devil's Root: A black root ground up and snorted. Causes blackouts and visions of hell, sometimes allowing glimpses into the future.",
    "Wandercaps: Gray mushrooms that induce a deep trance with vivid hallucinations. The comedown is unpleasant.",
    "Ember Berries: Faintly glowing black berries used in rituals. Consumed as tea, they cloak the body in flames without harm for as long as the user remains calm.",
    "Bane: A mix of ground wild herbs. Smoked, it induces a state of extreme calm and apathy. Used medicinally for insomniacs but prone to abuse.",
    "Sutara: Applied to the tongue, it allows the user to speak any language, but incorrect dosage leads to gibberish.",
    "Sharpsugar: Provides a boost of energy, removes one level of exhaustion, grants advantage on perception checks, and increases movement speed by 5. Causes jitteriness and is expensive.",
    "Sleepysalt: Similar to Sharpsugar but gives +5 temporary HP and resistance to bludgeoning damage for 1 hour, followed by a forced hour-long sleep.",
    "Drakeroot: Nectar of the mandrake plant. Consumed, it induces a two-hour coma, healing the user fully. Prolonged use prevents natural healing.",
    "Sannish: A blue liquid distilled from wolf's milk and a desert plant. Causes euphoria and advantage on Con saves. Overuse stains the user's lips permanently blue.",
    "Mordayn Vapor: Dream Mist made from jungle herbs. Inhaling the vapor causes intense, beautiful hallucinations. Drinking or consuming the powder is lethal.",
    "Cyclops Tear: A powder that causes excessive tear production. The tears are the tastiest thing to the producer, but can cause one eye to fall out.",
    "Goji Leaves: Gives resistance to physical damage and a boost to strength checks, but makes users overconfident and cocky.",
    "Zaegoo: Harvested from gelatinous cubes, it provides cold resistance and immunity to cold climates for 3 hours.",
    "Terran Brandy: A rare brandy made from dying fey essence. Increases intelligence and restores spell slots but can anger powerful fey.",
    "Luhix: Powdered Abyssal plant stalks. Applied to open wounds, it causes intense pain, then grants immunity to pain and boosts ability scores for 10 minutes.",
    "Agony: A liquid that causes intense pain followed by euphoria. Used by torturers and masochists alike.",
    "Yggdrasil Sap: A legendary drug that allows the user to see into their future, often their death if a DC 15 Con save is failed.",
    "Weirdling Tea: A tea that causes wild magic hallucinations.",
    "Tasha's: A powdered form of Tasha's Hideous Laughter. Looks fun but is dangerous.",
    "Powdered Power: A glittering substance snorted for euphoria and advantage on ability checks. Highly addictive, causing disadvantage without it.",
    "Brighteye Venom: Injected by Brighteye Spiders, this venom grants scrying abilities if the user passes a DC 16 Con save.",
    "Top Hat: A consumable that makes the user see statistics about items and other nonsensical hallucinations.",
    "Druidic Dream: A mild pill that induces a 'happy drunk' state followed by idyllic dreams.",
    "Elendran Pipeweed: Algae smoked for a -4 intelligence, +2 wisdom effect. Popular among merfolk.",
    "Feywillow Fruit: A highly addictive fruit that eventually draws users into the Feywild.",
    "Funpowder: A powder that changes the user's biological gender for 1 hour.",
    "Mountain Lotus Extract: A potent drug that grants +6 to mental stats for 1 hour, but can permanently reduce them afterward unless a DC 30 save is passed.",
    "Stardust: Harvested from dead stars, it grants visions but slowly turns users into eldritch horrors.",
    "Purified Stardust: Refined by archfey, this dust grants visions but induces hallucinations and confusion.",
    "Styxroot: Consumed raw or in tea, it causes memory loss for up to 8 hours.",
    "The Flayed Mind: A drink containing mind-numbing powers. Reduces mental function and induces memory loss.",
    "The Ladies' Love: Succubus sweat refined into a paste. Removes inhibitions and enhances physical skills for 1 hour.",
    "Underdrink: A deadly alcoholic beverage made from poisonous herbs and monster venoms. Drinking it often results in death for the uninitiated.",
    "Vladri: A powerful drug made from Underdark mushrooms and spider venom, causing euphoria and hallucinations followed by a deadly heart attack.",
    "Angel's Trumpet: A plant that, when burned and inhaled, allows the user to see and converse with the dead.",
    "Mushroom Love: Myconid spores that create a feeling of connection and are highly addictive.",
    "Cave Fisher Blood Ale: Drunk for battle potency, it grants a +5 to attack rolls and Constitution saves but can cause exhaustion afterward.",
    "Kana Dust: A magical powder that enhances mage powers but increases the risk of wild magic.",
    "Gorgon: A paralysis-inducing mushroom that provides vivid hallucinations, usually pleasant unless used recklessly.",
    "Dreamer's Fancy: A shimmering liquid that puts the user into a lucid dream where they can shape the void around them.",
    "Flash Powder: Grants immense physical power and extra actions for 1 hour, followed by sluggishness and dulled senses for 4 hours.",
    "Limit Remover: A highly expensive pill that supposedly removes spell restrictions but is actually a placebo.",
    "Faerie Food: Highly addictive food from the Feywild that causes rapid addiction and eventual death if untreated.",
    "Faerie Dust: A powder that sharpens senses and provides euphoria when properly dosed. Overdosing causes confusion.",
    "Shatter: A waxy amber substance that can split a user into multiple versions of themselves, dividing their stats among the shards.",
    "Venge: A deep red powder that induces euphoria and stimulant effects but brings out a Dark Side in berserker-like users.",
    "Mummy Powder: When consumed, it puts the user in a catatonic state where they experience a vast, empty space. Transactions can be made with an ancient intellect trapped there.",
    "Forget Me Nots: Yellow flowers that, when consumed, make the user believe they are living a different life for a few hours.",
    "Fever Fire: A flower-derived drug that raises the user's body temperature to cure frostbite, but can cause exhaustion.",
    "Crit: A street drug that makes every roll a critical success or fail for 1d6 hours.",
    "Beholders Tears: A liquid that grants 30ft truesight for 1d4 hours, but also induces hallucinations.",
    "Umber Hulk Brain Brew: A dark brown drink that grants confusion casting abilities but erases memory of the past 1d6 hours.",
    "Reverie Sticks: Incense-like sticks that put nearby creatures into a dreamlike state or provide a powerful euphoria rush when snapped.",
    "Fate's Hair: A plant that, when consumed, gives clairvoyance into a future event, though it may be a hallucination.",
    "The Barbarian's Secret: A dark red liquid that boosts confidence and strength checks for 10 minutes but reduces intelligence to 4 on a failed save.",
    "Stone Brew: A drink made from rocks that hardens the drinker's skin and increases base AC for 1d6 hours.",
    "Shadow Gut: A slippery black gel that grants +5 to stealth checks but deals 3d8 necrotic damage.",
    "Redthyme: A psychotic rage-inducing potion made from red weed, cat eyes, and moss from a human skull.",
    "Red Hive: Smoked to speak with insects, causes euphoria and a feeling of crawling skin.",
    "Troll Dust: Made from troll parts, it grants resistance to acid and acts as an aphrodisiac.",
    "Devil's Tongue: A surreal drug that induces numbness and truesight-like visions but causes disadvantage on Dex and hearing checks.",
    "Warmroot: A small orange root that warms the body and dulls the senses. Prolonged use causes addiction.",
    "Drektheth Powder: 'Dragon Dust' is a golden powder that makes users feel stronger, often causing boastful and haughty behavior.",
    "Illithidust: A purple powder made from Mind Flayer residue. Grants temporary psionic powers but can reduce intelligence.",
    "Snakeroot: A root ground into a powder that induces hallucinations and dulls perception.",
    "Unicorn Wax: A wax found under unicorn tongues that, when burned, grants the user colorful, magical hallucinations.",
    "Shadowfell Sage: A black root that induces a death-like sleep for 8 hours. Overuse permanently decreases the heart rate.",
    "Dwarven Fury: A moss smoked by dwarves to gain immunity to exhaustion for 2d4 hours, followed by a saving throw to avoid gaining it all at once.",
    "Salja: A tundra grass extract that makes food irresistibly delicious. Non-addictive, but causes food addiction instead.",
    "Droon: A brown salve that amplifies sensations in specific body parts, often leading to euphoria or discomfort.",
    "Ceruminal: A faintly green wax that induces a mental fugue, leaving users disoriented and with only a sense of buoyancy upon return.",
    "Pixie's Fire: A rose-gold powder that makes the user immune to charm and fear for 1 hour but can cause exhaustion.",
    "Ogre's Breath: A strong-smelling drug that grants +4 to strength checks but reduces intelligence and speech clarity.",
    "Watchroot: A root that grants advantage on perception and initiative checks and prevents the user from being surprised.",
    "Dried Schmetterling Fish: A hallucinogenic fish that allows the user to see into the ethereal and astral planes.",
    "Apius Acrimonium: The stinger of a Rage Wasp that induces a berserker rage, followed by exhaustion.",
    "Star Dust: A moth wing dust that grants darkvision and causes insomnia but compels users to follow light sources.",
    "Smorock: A powerful hallucinogen that intensifies perception but induces exhaustion and confusion.",
    "Dragon's Dandruff: A flaky salt that grants Charisma and Strength boosts followed by exhaustion.",
    "Raybark: A fungus that amplifies external senses while dulling body awareness, popular among pacifists.",
    "Spiral: A flammable liquid that dulls sensory overload and pain but makes balance and dexterity harder to maintain.",
    "Paladin's Placebo: A drug that satisfies any addiction cravings but provides no real effect.",
    "Powdered Order: Made from a Marut's body, this drug forces the user to obey laws for 5 minutes, shouting their intentions when failing a Con save."
  ]
}
