{
  "items": [
    "Arachnus Phylarkus: This delicate mushroom looks like a small black bowl with thin brown gills about 10cm across. It is poisonous to simply ingest but when steeped in boiling water for 10 minutes a thin black tea is created. This tea when consumed grants the drinker resist poison and disease for 4 hours. The mushroom is often the home of a particularly venomous type of spider and is difficult to harvest.",
    "Terra Mirabilis Boletus: When ingested, this mushroom produces an effect similar to a Reduce Person or Enlarge Person spell. The effect is limited to three rounds. The effect produced is determined by where one bites the mushroom. That is to say, one side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you grow shorter. The difficulty is determining which side is which, or even where a 'side' begins and ends on a perfectly round object. Eating the entire mushroom will produce either effect randomly for 1d10 rounds.",
    "Fyngum Stinkus: This small aquamarine colored mushroom emits a foul smell when crushed. It can be used to overwhelm the senses, cover your scent, prank your friends, or can be distilled into a throwable stink bomb. (Note, is also known to be a powerful goblin attractant.)",
    "Amanita muscaria S.M.: A button mushroom, whose top is red with white spots. The stem is mostly yellow except for two parallel black bars. If it is eaten, it produces an effect similar to the enlarge spell, along with immunity to concussions. The effect ends whenever damage is taken.",
    "Seductus Lactimus (Lust-shroom): A golden luminescent mushroom with silver spots. Ingesting the mushroom makes the creature who ate it hallucinate, making anything they see appear as a mushroom. Additionally, the creature has an unusually intense desire to consume all other mushrooms in sight, which puts them into an uncontrollable rage.",
    "Profundus Obscurus (The Deceiver): This average brown and purplish mushroom ranges in size, features, and color. No two alchemists can agree on exactly how to classify it, or if they are even discussing the same mushroom. Implicated in untold arguments and altercations throughout history, it wasn't until the Great Debate of the Late Dyvonian Council nearly ended in bloodshed, that David Orelchy pointed out the mushroom exhibited the same energies as the spell 'Confusion.' When contained in a glass bottle the spores are contained and it can be thrown as a ranged weapon. The effect is 2d12 wide and lasts for 4 turns unless there is a stiff wind.",
    "Enchantrynium Blistarix (Wizard’s Bane mushroom): This large, blue, tall-stalked mushroom gives its consumer a resistance to magical damage for 1 hour, but the consumer must make a DC 15 constitution save after that hour or take 1d4 poison damage. Particularly large specimens can be shared by an entire party.",
    "Betrothitus Indusiatus (Bride's Veil): A thin, ghostly white mushroom with a thin, veil-like skirt billowing from under its cap. Bride's Veils become almost completely transparent in moonlight and grow at the edges of thick forests. The skirts, though extremely fragile, can be woven together into fabric using a precise hand (though very few have been known to possess the talent) for qualities similar to a cloak of invisibility. When brewed into a tea or liquid, the consumer experiences the effects of Invisibility for 1d4 hours.",
    "Pleurotus Androgenomyces: A small, dark blue mushroom that grows in clusters of three. It particularly prefers soil that has been soaked in fermented beverages like beer, ale, mead, etc. Commonly seen outside of pubs in warmer climates. When consumed fresh it transforms the imbiber into the opposite gender for 1d4 hours and increases Charisma by 1d6 for the entire duration of effect. For this quality it is colloquially known as the 'False Whores Cap' due to the tendency of poor drunkards to impulsively eat them in order to sell their newfound bodies to bar patrons to afford more alcohol.",
    "Visus Invisibilia: A small, rare, clear transparent mushroom with a milky substance seen throughout the bowl. It grants the person that eats the fungus the ability to see invisible creatures/objects for 4 hours. Upon consumption, the PC must do a DC 12 Constitution save or they cannot tell the difference between hallucinations that the fungus can cause.",
    "Tricholgossum Falfortinem and Trichoglossum Fortinem: Two outwardly identical small fungi that resemble miniature black cat tongues. The T. Fortinem will give those who consume it whole a berserker rage for 10 minus Con. modifier rounds. After the rage fades, those that consume must make a Con 10 save or gain 1 rank of exhaustion. The T. Falfortinem will give those that consume it a euphoria and a feeling of invincibility. Con 15 save on success, grants resistance to bludgeoning and piercing for 10 minus Con. modifier rounds. On fail, those that take it gain a -1 penalty to STR and Con until a long rest.",
    "Bufos Draconii (The Dragon Toad): A species of 10 different mushrooms of similar shape with scale-like armored caps. Each mushroom is a distinct color and matches the variety of colors that dragon species are known by. Including one for each metallic and each chromatic dragon. Consuming the stem of this mushroom gives you a one-time use of a lesser version of that colored dragon's breath weapon (4d4 in cone or line depending). Once consumed, this mushroom will fatigue the consumer and they will begin to hallucinate for 4d4 rounds. These hallucinations often involve being attacked by a large dragon of the same type as the consumed mushroom.",
    "Yarokol Plenenium: A small off-white mushroom with a blue-green glow. This mushroom strangely requires a drop of blood to cultivate. When ingested, this fungus tastes almost uncannily of meat. The ingester suffers a disadvantage on Wisdom saving throws made to resist enchantment spells cast by the provider of the drop of blood for 2d4 days while the mushroom passes through their system. The effect may be ended early with a greater restoration spell. While affected by the mushroom, the provider of the drop of blood may cast enchantment spells on the consumer from any distance, if the provider knows where the consumer is.",
    "Nubious Mortificantus (Death Cloud): The stem of this mushroom is a yellow-brown color with a red, purple, and green bubble at its top. This enormous mushroom stands at 2-4 feet tall and can grow on trees, rocks, or on most ground surfaces. When pierced or broken, it releases a silver-blue cloud of spores that latch onto all surrounding objects. Within 6 hours, the spores sprout new fungus. When exposed to living hosts, they will be paralyzed within 6 hours as the mushroom begins to grow, killing the host in 72 hours without medical aid.",
    "Unguisi Aquilia (Eagle's Claw mushroom): This plain brown mushroom is about 6 cm high and can be distinguished by the large white dots on its gills and stem. Found around the base of tall trees, Unguisi Aquilia grants the ability to fly for up to 2 hours, and also bestows a talon strike doing 2d6 piercing damage.",
    "Psathyrella Aquatica: This mushroom can be found in rivers, lakes, and other waterways. It is small and silvery blue with white spots on its cap. When consumed Psathyrella Aquatica gives the ability to breathe underwater for 1d4 hours. Overconsumption in humans can cause the consumer to grow gills behind their ears, damaging hearing and affecting perception.",
    "Locusti Fungili (The Mad Cap): This small brownish mushroom with a red mark on its cap that is similar to an X. When consumed this mushroom gives its consumer a mental map of its environment within 3d12' of the spot it was picked.",
    "Magilicus Tempesti (Storm Mushroom): A relatively large turquoise mushroom that can change weather with the release of spores, often using this ability to dampen its environment and call forth small storms when in danger. When disturbed, the mushroom releases spores in an upward cone that do 1d6 necrotic damage upon exposure. A small magical lightning storm is formed in a 40' circle around the mushroom for 1d8 rounds, and all creatures who fail their saving throws take 1d4 lightning damage per round while under the cloud.",
    "Myconis Lacusti: This large black semi-rectangular fungus often resembles a block of stone. When disturbed, it teleports whatever is touching it into a demi-plane consisting of a small room with mushy walls. This plane will only transport its contents back to the mushroom if it is burned. The contents of the demi-plane take 1d6 damage as they teleport back.",
    "Proturbatis Fraudibus (The Joke Cap): This red mushroom is about 2 feet in height with a thick cap. This mushroom was genetically altered by a necromancer long ago to tap into the dead souls of comedic bards. When disturbed, the 'Fun-Guy' reveals a human mouth and spouts a stream of one-liners in common that either antagonize or fascinate the listener but in either case they gain a 1d6 bonus to perception. If anything touches the mushroom, however, it releases spores in a 20' cloud that incites spontaneous laughter, incapacitating those exposed for 1d4 rounds.",
    "Boletus Aurumni: This tiny golden mushroom is harmless to touch and delicious to eat raw, giving its consumer a 1d6 bonus to constitution for 10 hours. However, certain alchemists know that if collected in bulk and distilled into a thick golden syrup, the concoction can be used to turn copper, silver, and other base metals into gold.",
    "Exspiravit Bosletavi: A pale white mushroom that sheds a phantom silver glimmer in darkness. Said to grow where a man with unfinished business died, it’s often found in graveyards and ancient tombs. If properly dried for 24 hours the consumer will be able to cast once 'speak with the dead'. With a failed CON save (CD 10) they will have hallucinations of dead people talking to them. It is said that these hallucinations represent the spirits of the corpses buried under the mushroom even though this is clearly nonsense born from popular superstitions, there are rumors of people who found ancient treasures a long time forgotten by following the instructions of these 'spirits'.",
    "Fortuna Fortinaticus: A rather normal-looking small brown mushroom with green gills that grows mainly in small rings or clusters out of dragon droppings. Coveted for their properties, people have attempted to cultivate them for thousands of years to no avail. When one mushroom is consumed, all dice roll results automatically get +3 for 1 hour (that is +3 to each die) but consumption of more mushrooms does not increase the bonus at all. At the end of the hour, the consumer falls into a deep sleep for 2 hours, and no amount of magic or physical prodding can wake them from it.",
    "Champinguini Fumenticatus (Smoke Ball mushroom): This large fungus has a fat purple stem that is capped with round yellow globes of thin fragile membrane. The contents of the globules are a smoky blue mist that twists and twines around itself. Any movement or object that causes a globe to break releases the mist, which flashes out into a 10' cloud as if under pressure. Contact with the mist results in instant paralysis unless a CON saving throw is made. This saving throw must be made each round for 1d10 rounds to see if a PC/NPC/Monster is still paralyzed or re-paralyzed.",
    "Celeritis Maximus (Blur Root): This fungus grows mostly underground and in the Underdark. The cap is small, light green, and sticky, but the stem is long and travels underground for several feet. The roots can be harvested with gloves (they do 1d4 necrotic damage on skin contact) and brewed into a strong tea that grants the drinker double movement for 2d6 minutes.",
    "Limus Botelium (Slimy Doom): This small, green, slimy mushroom is often called Slimy Doom. Any creature that eats this fungus begins to bleed uncontrollably, has a disadvantage on CON checks and saving throws, and whenever they take damage, they are stunned until the end of their next turn.",
    "Wizard's Eye: Found in the caves of the Iron Coast, this reddish-brown mushroom is translucent and small, giving off a faint glow. Cooked in stew, it is tasty and non-reactive, but when combined with a fresh humanoid eye in a jar, the mushroom filaments absorb the eye, allowing anyone who eats the tendrils to see what the 'Wizard's Eye' sees for 1d12 hours.",
    "Morbidis Dulce (Sweet Death mushroom): So deadly that anything touching it except glass or crystal is wilted and destroyed.",
    "Dusk Cap: Causes shared hallucinations when consumed.",
    "Pinewood Truffle: Illuminates the dark when under 100 ft. underground.",
    "Meadboon Fungus: Tastes like meat. The age of the mushroom determines the taste of the meat.",
    "Southern Spotted Toadstool: Consumes material from the ground and breaks it apart within the cap of the mushroom.",
    "Flightless Dragon Bane: Naturally poisonous to dragons, dealing 3d6 poison damage if consumed.",
    "Morel: Heals 1d6 HP when consumed.",
    "Chanterelle: Heals 1 point of exhaustion when consumed.",
    "Nimra's Rot: Causes poisoning for 1d4 + 1 hours when consumed.",
    "Hearty Truffle: Restores the user to full health.",
    "Clover Mushroom: Your next roll has advantage.",
    "Magika Mushroom: For the next 2d4 - 1 days, your spells have a chance to induce wild magic.",
    "Glass Mushroom: Turns the user invisible for 1d4 hours.",
    "Strange Mushroom: You grow 1 size larger for 1 day.",
    "Hushroom: When ingested, the creature becomes incapable of making any sound orally for 6d10 minutes.",
    "Crushroom: After consumption, the user develops a crush on the nearest person according to their sexuality.",
    "Night Cap: Known for inducing vivid and intricate dreams when consumed, also used to produce dark blue dye.",
    "Fool's Night: Induces violent nausea for several hours after consumption.",
    "Rushroom: Increases movement speed by 10 feet for 1 hour.",
    "Murdermoss: Causes instant reduction to zero hit points if a DC 20 CON check is failed.",
    "Fumestool: Resembles human feces but does not harm the consumer.",
    "Willoshroom: Produces a poison that deals 1d4 damage each minute and dulls the senses, preventing the ability to feel pain.",
    "Cherub's Stool: Glows under the stars, and when consumed, turns the creature into a Celestial for a time.",
    "Foamcap: Can give resistance to Thunder damage when brewed correctly.",
    "Amanita Marioscaria: Active ingredient in enlarge potions.",
    "Gripa: A vine growing where tragedy has occurred, used by hags to reduce aging.",
    "Fishfin Mushrooms: Grants webbed fingers for 1d4 hours when consumed.",
    "Greencap Mushrooms: Produces green dye and stains fingers on contact.",
    "Bloomshroom: Causes uncontrollable sneezing for 1d6 minutes when inhaled.",
    "Davian's Tree: Appears to deflate and disappear underground during the day, its flesh is a delicacy.",
    "Boggleheart: Toxic to fey creatures and exudes black liquid when squeezed.",
    "Orcus's Kiss: Revives dead trees over three months when grown on them.",
    "Creeping Rott (Devil’s Root): Gives advantage on saving throws but reduces hit point maximum when healed.",
    "Gall Flower: Spores are highly toxic but the slime mold has medicinal properties.",
    "Imp Stool: Causes metabolic disruption, dealing 1d6 poison damage, and reduces hit point maximum.",
    "Curshroom: Grows fast in contact with blood, disfigures skin, and is highly nutritious.",
    "Plump Helmet: Fermented into a unique kind of 'wine' by dwarves.",
    "Dimple Cup: Inedible but used as a valuable blue dye.",
    "Blushroom: Increases endurance and strength but causes damage if improperly prepared.",
    "Dwarven Fart: Releases a poisonous cloud of spores when crushed.",
    "Brain Fungus: Allows hearing thoughts of everyone within 60 feet but may cause madness.",
    "Mooshroom: Turns the consumer into a cow for 2d10 minutes.",
    "Jazz Cabbage: Causes the consumer to only speak in honks and snorts for 1d4 minutes.",
    "Crimson Screamer: Hallucinations enhance sonic spells.",
    "Oracle's Consult (Delphi Epiphinata): Grants insight into the future, allowing a single 1d20 roll replacement.",
    "Oyster Mushroom: Grants the ability to breathe underwater for 1d8 hours.",
    "Blue-bruise: Allows seeing into the ethereal plane for 1d4 hours.",
    "Bolsef's Marvelous Mushroom: Grants a sense of euphoria for 1d4 hours when properly prepared.",
    "Sylvanhat: Rare white mushroom with valuable blue metal core.",
    "Horsenip: Horses cannot resist consuming this mushroom.",
    "Bleeding Heart: Used in long-lasting dyes and drips bright red liquid when squeezed.",
    "Ogre Farts: Shoots foul-smelling clouds of spores when touched.",
    "Magerot: Allows a mage to cast spells without a focus or components for 1d10 hours.",
    "Pigstingers: Hurts truffle-hunting pigs with sharp spines.",
    "Charmshroom: Grants advantage on Charisma-based checks for 1d4 hours.",
    "Tenax Stalk: Enables the consumer to produce webbing and use spider climb for 1d6 hours.",
    "Alulospergies Sap: Extremely slick fluid, makes anything it touches lubricated.",
    "Amanita Phaloids: Extremely poisonous, deals 8d8 damage if failed CON save.",
    "Brown Cap: Provides nourishing protein, restoring 1 hit die HP.",
    "Purple Haze: Allows seeing into the ethereal plane for 3d8 minutes.",
    "Zaphir: Creates a dust-like portal and forces the user to move toward it.",
    "Grayling: Causes vision to turn black and white for enhanced perception of movement.",
    "Assassin's Candy: Highly poisonous and deadly when consumed.",
    "Dragon Funnel: Provides elemental resistance for 8 hours.",
    "Thief's Folly: Causes glowing skin for 1d10 hours when touched.",
    "Phoenix Shroom: Grants fire resistance for 1 hour when consumed in stew.",
    "Temple Bells: Provides necrotic resistance and heals 1 HP for 10 minutes.",
    "Bloodcap: Induces uncontrollable rage for 1 minute, giving advantage on attack rolls.",
    "Leaky Inkwell: Produces edible black liquid used as spellbook ink.",
    "Kobold Cap: Causes hysteria and fear-like effects when consumed.",
    "Tiamat's Toadstool: Provides chromatic dragon resistance but deals necrotic damage if overconsumed.",
    "Brawler's Button: Increases unarmed strike damage and resistance to bludgeoning for 4 hours.",
    "False Reaper: Induces a state of false death for 48 hours, followed by exhaustion and healing."  
  ]
}
